# Operator Metrics
This document aims to help users that are not familiar with metrics exposed by this operator.
The metrics documentation is auto-generated by the utility tool "monitoring/metricsdocs" and reflects all of the metrics that are exposed by the operator.

## Operator Metrics List
## Redis Replication Metrics
### redisreplication_connected_slaves_total
Total number of connected slaves Type: Counter.

### redisreplication_has_master
Indicates whether the master of a Redis instance was found. Type: Gauge.

### redisreplication_master_role_changes_total
Total number of master role changes Type: Counter.

### redisreplication_replicas_size_current
Total current number of redisreplication replicas. Type: Gauge.

### redisreplication_replicas_size_desired
Total desired number of redisreplication replicas. Type: Gauge.

### redisreplication_replicas_size_mismatch
Total number of times the redisreplication size mismatches. Type: Gauge.

### redisreplication_skipreconcile
Whether or not to skip the reconcile of RedisReplication. Type: Gauge.
## Redis Cluster Metrics
### rediscluster_adding_node_attempt
Number of times to add a node to the cluster. Type: Counter.

### rediscluster_healthy
Whether or not to check Redis Cluster Health status. Type: Gauge.

### rediscluster_rebalance_total
Total number of rediscluster rebalance operations. Type: Counter.

### rediscluster_remove_follower_attempt
Number of times to remove follower attempts. Type: Counter.

### rediscluster_replicas_size_desired
Total desired number of rediscluster replicas. Type: Gauge.

### rediscluster_reshard_total
Total number of rediscluster reshard operations. Type: Counter.

### rediscluster_skipreconcile
Whether or not to skip the reconcile of RedisCluster. Type: Gauge.
## Developing new metrics
After developing new metrics or changing old ones, please run "make generate-metricsdocs" to regenerate this document.

If you feel that the new metric doesn't follow these rules, please change "monitoring/metricsdocs" according to your needs.
